Great dinning experience. The atmosphere is casual "jazzy" but one would not be out of place in more dressed-up or business attire. We had the catfish & grits. The entree is served over a bed of collard greens. Contrary to my own cultural norms, Im not a big fan of collard greens and assumed id just end eating beyond and around the bed of greens. But those greens were so good, i did just the opposite! I probably would have rated 5 stars but service was a little bit slow as is often the case with a new establishment. Nevertheless, staff is customer-friendly and customer-service oriented. I highly recommend Stonetown!
Literally the best polish boys. I just have to stop here whenever I'm in town. Especially since polish boys are pretty much not a thing in Columbus. Great, fast, friendly service too. Get all the napkins you can. I had sauce in my eyebrows lol.
Great, fast service for lunch. I had the personal pizza w/salad lunch special (photo below) and my husband had the chicken parm sandwich w/fries. Everything was delicious. Well definitely return next time were in Avon. Two lunches, from a local place, under $35 is great considering we'd Spend just as much at Panera.
Our whole office loves Susy's soup. Delicious soup with good salad & half sandwich options. We have them deliver to E.22, which is impressive from Tower City. The only drawback is their site is out of date and you can't order online. Pick up the phone and call for the "real" menu. The order and enjoy the great soup!
We visited here last night from out of town. We had a party of 8, and we're seated immediately, which rarely happens anywhere. The restaurant was very busy, it was apparent it's a good spot. Our food was great, absolutely great. My only complaint would be that the chips aren't freshly made, which is a common thing where we live in Tennessee. We had margaritas, which were decent, as well. Our bill total was surprisingly good for 8 adults. Overall, we left very happy!
We love coming to Momocho!!! Fun margarita flavors, killer guac, and I'm obsessed with the machaca!!! It's making my mouth water just thinking of it!!! I definitely recommend it!! The blood orange margarita is my fav and I prefer the plain ol guac :)) service is good but our server was a lil over zealous and cut my mother in law off a few times while she was asking about the food- take a chill pill dude.
There isn't much that I can said that hasn't been said already, but here it goes, anyway. Years ago, when I was first being introduced to Cleveland, it was Happy Dog that made me fall in love with the city. Well, Happy Dog and West Side Market, but for similar reasons. It doesn't matter who you are, what you look like, how much money you make, or where you're from - Happy Dog is the place to be. Sure, it's "hipstery," but not in an exclusive sort of way. On any given day, you'll see the stereotypical "hipster," but you'll also see a couple people in suits, some people who looks like your grandparents, a lot of normcore people, and the occasional rough & tumbley group. Everyone loves a wiener, and Happy Dog loves everyone. Just...just go. Don't wait. Go now. Happy Dog is love. Happy Dog is life.
Im rating this strictly on yesterdays trip to Boneryard. I have been to this location, the Mayfield location also. Back in the day we used to hit up the Boneryard downtown all the time. 2.00 drafts for happy hour? Hell yeah.. They discount ALL the drafts, not like Prosperity, Tap House, South Side, etc. that only discount some beers. Seems like I always want the one beer that is NOT on special. Hey, I work for a livin so happy hour prices make my black ass smile! This particular trip they had happy hr till 9pm AND .49 boneless wangs! Server was super cute and super fast, despite being run all over by the Buffy and Thad types of early 30, professional types with 2.2 young kids that live in the area. Food was pretty good, for a chain restaurant. With the deals they run, it is worth it for an OK dinner and several good beers!
I've been here twice now, and both times I've had a great experience. The first trip I tried the lemon rosemary chicken pizza and the second trip I had the butternut squash pizza. Both were amazing. Their hand tossed crust is so good...I can't wait to try their gnocchi next time. Also, one of the employees' grandma makes homemade cheesecake and brings it in every week. It is incredible. The owner is here is so nice and pleasant to talk to!
Came here with a friend craving guacamole. We ended up getting a huge bowl of guac made spicy with crabmeat!! SO good and cheap! We also got the tacos also very good and cheap! Def coming back!
