Went last night (Friday @ 6:30pm). Was pretty quiet and service was fast and good. I have been here about 7 times and this was my first dinner. I was pleasantly surprised that I could have a fast, quiet meal on a Friday evening. A hidden gem. I also frequent Seoul Garden in Parma but this place has better pan seared spicy squid with vegetables hands down. Also the price is a little lower for a lot of the dishes i enjoy. Also the pan fried mackerel is more authentic and less greasy. If you love Korean style Jajang myun and jampong, this place makes them pretty authentic. I can't find it like this even in Dallas, TX. Overall, I love this restaurant.---I really liked everything about Luna. I came for breakfast with a friend and got the nest egg and an iced coffee. I highly recommend the nest egg - it was the perfect breakfast! It filled me up without making me feel like I overate, and tasted great. I can't wait to come back to try their crepes and pastries!---Went to Melissa's last night...DELICIOUS! The boneless ribs were amazing! I had the fish tacos...yum. We topped it off with gluten free cake.. Jamie was our server. She did a great job! We were so pleased I know we will be going back soon.---I have to start off my review raving about the guacamole, it just can't wait. After ordering the smoked trout and bacon guacamole, I think I would've given Momocho 5 stars if they served me a soft taco from Taco Bell as my entree..the guac was that impressive! The smoky flavor of the trout and bacon came through absolutely perfectly without overpowering the other flavors at all- I'm sure even the normal guacamole is incredible; whatever their base ingredient ratio is seems to be spot on for perfect, creamy guacamole with just the right amount of avocado to spiciness. For my entree I ordered the shrimp taquitos which were very good but honestly completely overshadowed by the guacamole. The shrimp were cooked nearly perfectly and the garlic sauce was good- not great. The portion was also a little smaller than I'd like usually but after loading up on guac and pico de gallo (also very fresh and excellent tasting) it was just right. The service was superb, and I heard the margaritas were excellent as well.---In the past when we have gone to the Boneyard in Broadview Heights, the food has been tasty but rarely delivered to our table hot. But things have changed! On week ago Saturday, I ordered the chicken and rib combo with steamed vegetables and it arrived piping hot and delicious! My husband ordered the Asian chicken and it too was hot and delicious. Last Tuesday my daughter and I went in for a quick bite and I had their chili which was great and she ordered the pasta marinara with a few meatballs and she said "Mom, this is as good as any Italian restaurant and it really was. The sauce was excellent but did not drown the pasta. We went back on Saturday night for one of my fave dishes..the chicken appetizer with cold thai noodles. I don't know what's in these noodles but they are so good. If you haven't been to the Boneyard in a while, give it another try. I think you'll like it!---Cincinnati Chilli is amazing! Made with fresh hot peppers that are locally grown. Portion sizes are perfect. Went with a group of 5 and everyone loved their food! I highly recommend this place!---A solid 4 stars for Lago! Some of the best Italian food I've experienced in the city of Cleveland. A big group of us were here for an UYE family dinner arranged by Rachel B. (Thanks again!) and I had a really great time. We arrived a little before 7 and the place was already hopping, the dining room was close to full and the bar was completely packed, so we were ushered into the Carriage Room in the back...we get our own private room? We can be as loud as we want without the fear of disturbing other patrons of this lovely restaurant? Score! This was a really good move by the restaurant since we tend to be a more.....errrr, "outgoing" group, shall we say ;o) Our own private server was assigned to take care of our group and he did a wonderful job (good luck in medical school this fall!), especially dealing with the difficulty of the staggered entrance of our group. Drinks started flowing minutes after we sat down and appetizers were flying out of the kitchen very soon thereafter. I was able to try out a few different things by virtue of sitting next to a couple of gentlemen who enjoy sharing their food! Mussels and clams to start were ok, a little on the smaller side and the broth wasn't anything outstanding. The Poached Pear Salad was very good, something that I would definitely like to try and recreate at home. Simple ingredients, but they played off of each other very nicely. A light and refreshing interlude to my main course. Gnocchi - oh yeah, what Stefanie C. said.....absolutely phenomenal. And no, this isn't your typical store-bought gnocchi, guaranteed they were making this from scratch in the kitchen because each piece was a little bit of a different size and there were no machinery marks indicative of mass production on them at all. Some of the best gnocchi I have ever had and I will come back for more. The lobster and sweet corn with truffle, basil and roasted tomatoes worked perfectly for the dish, everything came together in sweet harmony. The Grilled Lamb Chops were also something to write home about, especially that Pumpkin Gratin, WHERE did that come from?? Probably one of my favorite components of that plate! And yes, finally a place that knows how to serve lamb chops....we were at Johnny's downtown for Restaurant week and that little rack of lamb served there paled in comparison to this beautiful composition. Even though I loved my dishes, I was slightly jealous of Rachel B.'s veal tortelloni....I must try ;o) Goat Cheese Crème Brûlée.....I wasn't going to order this originally, I had my heart set on the Pear tartlette, but boy am I glad my dining partner put up a fuss! ;o) Absolutely incredible, so light and airy, it literally was a little piece of heaven in my mouth.....I really didn't want to share it at all, but I conceded a little bite of it in exchange for a bite of Tiramisu. The Tiramisu was good, but not good enough to tear my greedy palate away from my goat cheese dessert! Coffee, tea and wine (complements of Paulius N., thank you again!) capped off the end of another wonderful Yelp get together with some of my favorite people in this city. Thank you Lago for going that extra mile and making it a very memorable night!---This may be the best overall dining experience in all of cleveland- certainly in Willoughby. Between the Awesome bartenders and friendly staff, the perfectly made legit cocktails and the food-- I don't even know where to start, we loved everything-- and the food... is just phenomenal. Drinks were top notch, we tried then whiskey sour, aviator and old fashioned- all made perfectly. The beef toast is highly recommended to start (bonus the serving is huge). For entrees we can't get enough of the Stuffed shells, the steak and the infamous pork chop- it comes on the bone and will just melt in your mouth (you will finally experience how pork is actually supposed to be cooked!!!) If you're going to try one place visiting in willoughby, this should no doubt be it.---There is no other Diner I eat at when I'm Cleveland. They make you feel right at home...Renee my Server is the Best! Keep you laughing and she's on top of her game! George is the Man!---For what it is, Happy Dog is pretty spectacular. This is one of those extremely specialized / limited menu kind of places... regular or vegetarian hot dog, fries/tater tots... and that's about it. If you don't want that, you should probably try elsewhere. If you do want that, then you've come to the right place. The vegetarian dog is very very good. The list of toppings is huge and makes the ordering process quite the adventure. It's a sushi style select things from a card type ordering system, which works pretty well considering all the possible topping combinations. Some of them seem a bit odd, like fruit loops, but to each his or her own. The fries come with a selection of sauces, and they all are quite good. The nacho cheese sauce that can be added to the fries or tots is definitely worth it... yum! Not the healthiest place in the universe, but tasty. The draft beer selection is also excellent, though a little above average on the prices. The seating is pretty meh in here, and its a seat yourself kind of place... I recommend sitting at the spacious bar. All the food can be ordered right from there, and the service seems to be faster. There is also 2 free but very crappy small parking lots for the place right next door, which is nice. Tis a bit far away, but they are going to open one in university circle where Euclid Tavern was, which is much much closer! Hurrah!---Wonderful as always!! Lobster bisque was delicious, steak seasoned well and cooked perfectly. Creamed corn was fantastic(one of the few things we haven't tried). Creme brûlée was perfect end to the meal. Service is incredible every time. Can not wait for our next trip!---I've had BRGR 9 twice and it's been pretty darn delicious both times. The first time, I ordered a burger to-go via the online eatwarehousedistrict service, which I had a coupon for. When I got to BRGR 9, it seemed like they had completely lost my order. Even though no one else was there and there was a bag sitting right next to the register, it took a good 10+ minutes for them to figure out that yes, that was my basic burger. This meant that by the time I got my burger home (only one block away), it was a bit on the cold side - but was a really good burger! Whew. I was pretty happy with my lunch, and am willing to chock up the confusion to the fact that this was just when EWD was launched. I then went back on a Wednesday, for 1/2 price burger night. I stepped up from the basics and got a fire burger - I expected it to be really hot and spicy, but I'd say it was more on the "medium" level. The bun got damp pretty quickly from the sauces, but that's fine. I ordered fries and that was a bit too much for me - they'd be good to share with someone else though. I do think the burgers are a bit expensive if you get them full price, but with weekly half-price Wednesdays, it's easy enough to get them at a discount.---I love this place!! Very good portion sizes and great flavor! However, they took away the chips that they once used to give so you could eat with the sauces... So one of the reasons why I didn't give them 5 stars. Also, my husband ordered an additional meat for 4.99 (he ordered chicken) and they brought a very small piece to him, which they then brought us a different piece; still not too big but they were very nice in swapping it out. I would say the additional meat is not worth it for chicken at least. But, overall, great for what it is... BBQ food!---Really nice staff (the waitresses remembered me and my friends when we went back a second time), very accommodating (we bought lemons from them once, late at night), and good food (portions on the larger side, in general). I definitely want to be a regular. Happy hour from 4 to 6!---The service is fantastic. The food is fantastic. The environment is fantastic. The drinks are fantastic. I wasn't sure what to expect and am pleasantly surprised by the all encompassing quality of this restaurant. The cost is worth it. I will go back.---Amazing. I was out shopping at the nearby Aurora Farms and just randomly stopped at the first place I could find. I was shocked at how great the food is, and decent prices as well. For sure worth a stop if you're near the highway.---Such an improvement on the previous restaurant in that location. Have had a number of appetizers and small plates at the cozy, charming bar and have loved all of them. The moscow mule is fantastic, along with either the fondu, cheese board, burger, Mac and cheese or fries with truffle aoli. The service is prompt and friendly and it's definitely worth a trip to check it out.---Best fries EVER! And that's saying a lot. They are perfectly crispy, meaty in the middle, and the dipping sauces are awesome! I crave these fries. For us, the pizza was average with a not so flavorful crust that was a little overcooked. The beer selection is awesome. We had a cider we've never had before that we really enjoyed. If you go, get the fries!---Okay I must say that I'm biased when I make reviews because they're usually places I like enough to review or absolutely terrible that I can't stand the service or something about the operation... If you like Indian I mean if you love Indian this is the best place to go in northeastern Ohio near Akron to Cleveland.---I wil be going back to Hodge's. We sat in the cozy upstairs seating. The decor is interesting and the server was awesome. They give you complimentary sweet potato tater tots with a rosemary aioli! My girlfriend and I had their signature burger. It was delicious and creative. Came with a caramelized onion jam and was so much more than your everyday burger with lettuce and tomato. My mother had their vegetarian dish and she said it was the best vegetarian dish she's ever had. My step-dad had the shrimp and grits which was perfect. Well done! I will be going back to try more of their entrees. The place was clean and played good music.---I love this place! The atmosphere the bar the bartenders everyone is really friendly and nice. Their food is so good! I always have to get their lump crab stack and also their lobster and shrimp quesadilla ! They have late night half appetizers off sun-thursday for food! All their or most of their appetizers are half off and they are really good! I love their ribs and their fries also!---Their French toast and coffee are AMAZING!!!!! Great from scratch corn beef has and jam. Love this place---I have found my home. Everything is perfectly seasoned and fried. I had the chicken, curly fries, chili, slaw, pepperoni roll thingies, and got their amazing spicy garlic dipping sauce. While eating I watched a screen above the bar tempt me with pictures of their deep fried thick bacon strips. I am coming back to try that! The staff is friendly, attentive, conversational--unlike most of the service industry in this town. Kudos for grease and good cheer!---Great burgers in a little hole in the wall bar. Friendly staff and delicious food. Went in off hours but the locale has darts, pool, and a bowling machine. Great find!---The joke used to be that there are two seasons in Cleveland: winter and road construction. Not any more, my friends, not any more. Now the two seasons in Cleveland are Hot Soup Season and Chilled Soup Season. And, just as we're likely to get 80 degree weather in February and frost warnings in May, these seasons have a whole lotta flexibility. Chicken Paprikash in June? YES PLEASE! Tomato Ginger in December? Hell YES! Market Greens, classic Caesar or a Season's Greens salad all year 'round? Yes times 3. If you want a bowl of bland, salty and flavorless "soup," do not go to Souper Market. But if you want a bowl of rich, mouthwatering and filling soups, stews, chowders, bisques and broths, don't worry about what the calendar says, just get yourself to Souper Market now.---We were headed to the Mandarin Seafood Buffet in Twinsburg, only to find out it was closed. We had no idea we would be in for such a treat when we searched and found Kumo not to far away. This was our first time at Kumo and we were very impressed. They have a great sushi selection. The sushi is good, I might even say very good to great (for a buffet). The variety they put out really takes it to the next level, just because you have so many choices. So you can go back for more of the ones you love. The kept filling in any empty trays/spots very quickly. The sushi area alone, made it more than worth my while, but it gets even better. They had oysters on the half shell, large crab legs, roasted duck, soft shell crabs, large fried shrimp (whole, they looked like prawns to me), ginger fish, trout, salmon, and many other great items. There was a Udon noodle station and a crepes station, that we did not try on this visit, but plan to try on the next. My guest loved the soups. I tried the hot and sour soup and thought it was great. There were also many traditional items you see on a Chinese buffet. We were in there for dinner and the price for $15.98 per person. For what you get, I thought that price was more than fair and I have been called a cheapskate in the past. (I like to get my monies worth, and I thought I did at Kumo.) The restaurant was busy and that was nice to see. All the food was fresh. The service was excellent and the staff was very friendly. We will be back....maybe as soon as next Friday...lol!---***Update Angelo, sometimes your food is really good! That deep dish seafood pizza! Those plump wings covered in sauce! One time you messed up my order and delivered a corrected pizza to me even though I was outside your delivery zone (just barely outside). All great things, but then other times I get a pizza and it's a little lackluster and the wings are on the small side with little sauce. So I've gotta take away a star. Your food is generally good, but for the price I expect it to be awesome all of the time. I mean, I am still going to hit you up now and then, maybe it's my fault for putting you on a pedestal, but I think we need to just be friends for awhile, I need some time to think things over and see what other pizza pies are out there.---Thai Orchid used to be pretty disappointing. This is really the only Thai food around (or exotic food of any sort in Mentor), and couldn't compare to restaurants Thai in cities like DC or Chicago. Recently, however, Thai Orchid has really stepped it up a notch. The past two times I've visited, my dinners have been more than satisfying. The noodles curry is definitely a new favorite, as is the masaman curry and pad kee mao. They have a spice scale from 1-10. I got a 3 and my mouth was pretty much on fire, and I really love spicy foods. I'm becoming quite impressed with this place.---Limited yet well-chosen draft beer selection -- pairs well with the cuisine. Excellent pan-Asian food and great service from friendly servers. Competitively priced. Conversation-friendly. We'll return.---The service is so fast but never like fast food always happy to please and they help me practice my Spanish by the way the arroz con canaries is as amazing as it sounds but you need a tall xx to finish it love the atmosphere---Lots of choices on tap for beers for good prices.. they also change out their selections pretty regularly. Food is iffy (the corned beef hash is the diamond in the rough) and a strange smell emanates from this place. Bartenders are pretty friendly.---Good food....good atmosphere. We ride to this destination in the summer and hang out. Staff is always friendly and nice. Recomended.---This place has been on my bucket list for the past few month's based on Yelp reviews. Not sure that my first visit was quite 4 stars, maybe 3.5. A co-worker and I stopped here for lunch on a Tuesday afternooon. The place was empty when we arrived, but slowly started to fill up, after we sat down. I had previewed the menu on-line and opted for the chicken salad sandwich and side of Tabbouleh. My co-worker ordered a salad and 1 choc chip pancake (lol!). Our meals arrived a short time later. My sandwich was tasty, the bun was fresh, although the chicken salad lacked just a little something, maybe some tarragon? Just needed a little more flavor. The tabbouleh lacked a lot of flavor, very watery, needed some lemon and a bit more seasoning. I did however taste my co-worker's pancake and it was outstanding. All in all, I will return to try some of the other options.---Went to Michael's restaurant today and I must say it was delicious . The remodeling is really pretty and it makes the restaurant so comfortable . Our food was hot and there was plenty of it at a great price. Michael and his wife warmly welcomed everyone that came through the door . If you give this restaurant a try you will not be disappointed .---Best bar/restaurant on the street. The food is surprisingly upscale for the cost and has great flavor and plating. The staff is hip and engaging. Have a huge variety of craft beers that are priced extremely fairly. The ambiance of the place is classy, geared towards young working professionals.---I came here last year and got the lamb ragout pasta (I don't think it's still on the menu) which was delicious and rich. We also got the strip steak with fries, also great. The servings were pretty big and the drinks were pretty strong.. Overall a great night---This has quickly become one of our favorite places to eat. Simple good Italian food. Friendly staff and nice family atmosphere. The ravioli is great. And they have a large selection on the menu so your sure to find something for everyone. Definitely try out Mangia Mangia if your in the area and want good Italian faire.---Omg shrimp and grits omg soooo good. Smokey mac and cheese awesome too. great service on top of it all.---Very fresh here! My husband and I came in for a quick bite and it was perfect in and out in 30 min and we were so full! Ingredients are fresh. The only thing we weren't crazy about is the cheese crust option for the tacos, both of ours were really overcooked and it could have ruined the whole meal. I would recommend not getting the cheese coated shells.---April 11 2016 Manager Chris Ryan and his staff are on point today!!! We went in for happy hour and not only was our food amazing, but we tried some new items! We checked out the sliders, the pork cracklings and The Dude Abides mixed drink! Holy cow! I don't even know where to start! Ok yes I do, The Dude Abides! This mixed drink is a great combo of Vanilla Vodka, Root Beer, Coffee Liqueur, & Half & Half. It goes down extremely smooth and I appreciate Michael, our server suggesting it! The pork cracklings are actually Pork rinds. I'm a girl from the south, if you say pork cracklings to me I think of the hard greasy nuggets you get at roadside places along the bayou. But these are pork rinds that are crunchy and lightly seasoned and just plain yummy! I loved crunching on them while waiting on our food! My daughter tried a slider to go with her porky fries and said it was perfect! The porky fries are so maybe she always has to choose between them or a burger.. This way she got the best of both worlds! My sister also tried one and said the pickles were a bit garlicky for her she prefers the ones on the pickle bar but she did like it. I stuck with my beef burger with provolone and Swiss and mushrooms with blue cheese for dipping. It's always my favorite and cooked medium rare it's an absolute fantastic burger! We keep trying other places but nobody can beat the BSpot... They can't even come close!---I have been coming to Sud's since it opened. I started coming here because it was close to home but I have been coming back on a regular basis because of the great food and good beer prices. They have a good variety of delicious appetizers, burgers, sandwiches, pizza and salads.( There burgers and pizza are my favorites though.) I have recommended this place to family, friends and co-workers for the past 2 years and not one of them have been disappointed. If fact many of them are regulars now too. The combination of friendly staff and great high end bar food keep us all coming back.---Here for an anniversary dinner - we used to dine here 30 years ago when it was called That Place on Bellflower. It's still a really quaint place, though the menu has changed a lot. What knocked us out was the service - very very attentive, they were constantly coming by with more bread, water, refilling wine glasses, and good timing on getting the meal to us. For food, I would give it a 4.5 out of 5, very good, but a touch short of fantastic. The Escargot were wonderful, the garlic butter sauce is to die for - just to dip your bread in. The house special salad, with beets, pistachios, greens and a light vinaigrette was very tasty and unique. I had the daily (Friday) special, walleye with lobster sauce, green beans, and dumplings. Very delicate, small pieces of fish, but enough to satisfy, and tasty, so no complaint. My wife had the duck confit with sweet potato puree and sweet cabbage - duck seemed pretty ordinary, though the other stuff was really good. They had a French Sancerre wine, don't see that too often in restaurants, it's a nice dry white wine, we got it because we had it in France a couple years ago, and it was great. Overall a wonderful meal.---I want to give some big propers to Sung's House! I made my first visit here yesterday evening for a quick snack before an event downtown and, to be honest, I wasn't expecting to be wow-ed. The unassuming storefront, the Playhouse Square locale, and the fact that they serve both Korean and Japanese cuisine, erroneously, made me think that I'd be in for some mediocre maki. Not the case! My simple order of (1) vegetable and (1) eel roll really knocked my socks off. The sumeshi was head-and-shoulders about most sushi restaurants: perfectly cooked, well-seasoned (with just the right amount of tang from rice vinegar, which I find is too often absent), and lightly packed around the nori. Neither bland nor mushy - absolutely perfect! I devoured my rolls with a smile and will be back to try more from the menu when I have more time to savor. If you're looking for a bite in Playhouse Square, I really recommend giving Sung's House a try.---I think our expectations going in were kind of high knowing this is a Michael Symon restaurant even though it specializes in burgers. We were in no way disappointed in the visit. The food was perfect. The pickle bar is a great touch and one we had never seen before. The fries were the best I have ever had. The prices are reasonable and actually a great value. The B Spot has great atmosphere, great menu, and service was flawless. Definitely somewhere we would return to as soon as we can. Please open one in my hometown!!!!!---If you want brunch in Cleveland, look no further than Lucky's cafe! The place is packed on the weekends, which is a testament to how amazing the food and service is. My favorites on the menu are the mac and cheese (best I've ever had) and the oatmeal (they brûlée the top of it!). I've never really liked oatmeal, but i ALWAYS get it at Lucky's. If you're feeling adventurous (and you're very hungry), go for the shipwreck, another great menu choice. The staff is so friendly and nice, they're very accommodating and always have smiles on their faces. Every time I go here I always strike up a nice conversation with my waiter/waitress. One of my favorite places in Cleveland!---This place is great. Service is spot on, right as we sat down about 1 minute later we had our drinks and tables side guacamole. Amazing everything is so fresh. The frozen margaritas are amazing and don't taste like all mixer. Lots of tequila yummy!!!!---I love this place! We have been here a few times and each time tried something different. The Avon burger is my favorite. We always share the pirogies as a starter. They have a great wine selection. Their specialty drink menu is pretty good too. The patio is awesome in warm weather. A great spot for a girls night or a date night. It doesn't hurt that there is a Mitchell's in walking distance---It takes a lot of confidence to name your pizza business after the foundation of what literally makes a pizza! From the ground up this pizza was built on its Crust and it has deserved its name! Before ordering I asked the guys what I should try for my first visit. They highly recommended the Hot Margherita Pepperoni specialty pizza. So I went with it. Our friends ordered the same exact pizza so things got a little mixed up in the kitchen. For some reason only one was made but the gentleman who took my order quickly realized it and assessed the problem in a professional manor. He apologized and gave me a free slice of a pepperoni destroyer (Jumbo Slice) to enjoy as I waited and even refunded me for my specialty pizza. Excellent customer service! I'm not saying that because I was given freebies but more because they took notice of their mistake without me having to say anything. They made it a point to make sure I left happy without me dropping one complaint. These people truly take pride, in not only their product, but also in the way they conduct business in general. It's hard for me to name my favorite pizza place because I have a favorite for many different categories. Well, tonight Crust has earned a spot on my list as my "Favorite All Time Specialty Pizza." This Hot Margherita Pepperoni pizza was big in flavor and on top of a crust that was as crunchy and chewy as it gets. The hand sliced pepperoni, fresh garlic, roasted tomatoes & crushed red pepper complimented each other on the tastebuds with a perfect blend of flavors. It is finally dressed with a silky tasty layer of smoked mozzarella topped off with fresh basil to make for an aesthetically pleasing garnish. This specialty pizza was outstanding and I highly recommend it. I enjoyed it much more than the complimentary slice of the pepperoni destroyer. From now on when it comes down to ordering a specialty pizza; it's Crust or Bust for me!---Amazing bread! The pizza is awesome and it's a really cool spot for some coffee and studying.---Endless hot dog choices. Good variety of brews and nice speciality cocktails. These are only a few of the pros of these place. The staff are quite friendly. Service is quick and the live music is nice.---Great pretzel with pimento cheese dip. Excellent strip steak with some Korean chili marinade. Also the shishito peppers were solid.---Nice place! Ambience and food were great! I had the Seafood Fettuccine since I don't eat much red meat and I was pleasantly surprised. It was loaded with seafood and not too heavy. Lauren our server was very polite and attentive. Desert is in it's way. Great dinner!---I went here for my birthday dinner and it was delicious. //Appetizers: Beef Cheek Pierogi: Okay, these were just amazing. You get two large pierogis (perfect because it was me and my boyfriend eating) and they are stuffed to the max with pulled beef cheek. It was delicious. The Horseradish Creme Fraiche was delicious. Pork Belly: My boyfriend enjoyed these. I however, didn't so much. Honestly, I'm just not a pork person so I can't count that against my rating here. //Entrees: Cavatelli: This amazing dish had Wild Boar, Leeks and Parmesan. It was TO DIE FOR. I mean honestly, it was amazing right down to the softness of the cavatelli. I loved every bite of this. Smoked Pork Chop: This was my boyfriend's dish. I didn't have the pork but OH MY GOD, the Polenta was amazing! I wish I could have an entire bowl of it! //Service: Service was really great. Our server was very friendly but not overbearingly so. I have no complaints here. //Drinks: I went with a White Peach Bellini and the boyfriend had a glass of wine. My Bellini was delicious. By the way, the drink list is on an iPad so that adds to the cool factor of this place. //Misc: The last thing I purchased was a signed copy of Michael Symon's book. I had to. It is going to look great in my kitchen and I'm pretty stoked to read it. It's full of great photos, recipes and anecdotes.---My family and I stopped in for lunch. Everyone devoured their sandwiches and I loved my chop salad and tomato bisque soup (with blue cheese croutons - yum!) The service was friendly and the atmosphere was inviting. Love this new spot in Ohio City.---Sucker. That is what I have become as of late when my after work plans of working out are squashed by co-workers going to GLBC. "It might be the last night patio day..." "But they might run out of Pumpkin Ale (my weakness) this week..." "Woohoo Christmas Ale-we need to have our first of the year..." Do you see where I'm going with this? Also I've hit a few key menu items I love so I have decided to finally share. Beer: There are the staples and there are the every changing Pub Exclusives along with the Seasonal Beers. You really can't go wrong. This fall the beers I will be waiting for next year are the Glockenspiel and I'm in love with their Pumpkin Ale. Obviously Christmas Ale is tasty in the winter and the smell outside the brewery is amazing when they are brewing. Edmund Fitz, Imperial Dort, Holy Moses White Ale, Blackout Stout are also delicious. Every bartender I have had a conversation with has been able to find one that suits my beer taste and needs. Love them! Look for Lee/Leigh (sp)...she is awesome. Food: STARTERS: Stilton Cheddar Ale Soup. So good! Made with Dortmunder Gold. Looking for an app the Brewer's Barley Pretzels are filling and big enough for the whole table. Salads are salads...but I love how they want to marry the menu selection with a beer selection that will compliment like any great relationship... MEAL STUFF: Pizza-go for the Italian Market-soooo good!!! My co-workers also love the Sausage Pizza. Friends have loved the burger and I wouldn't mind trying their Housemade Vegan Burger in the future. ENTREES: Brat & Pierogi (mmmmm). The Butternut Squash Ravioli is sooo good and made locally. Mac & Cheese can't go wrong. And best for last...tho this randomly changes day to day...Pretzel Chicken. Encrusted with pretzel served with mashers and veggies and the Burning River Pale Ale mustard. Served 1 chicken or 2. Box the 2nd for lunch the next day-you will be happy you did! Long I know. Summers = Patio Winters = Basement All year = A great Happy Hour, after West Side Market drink, dinner or Trivia Night (tuesdays in the basement) Have fun. Eat. Drink. Be Merry!---Food was good as always. It's nice you can combine two different flavors of Margaritas in a pitcher.---For sure, hands down, no comparisons. This is the best pizza shop in Medina! I don't understand the poor reviews. The pizza is off the charts. The salads are fantastic. The owner is very friendly.---Overstuffed sandwiches are very good. Service was outstanding and the beer choices were plentiful. Was getting together with a group of my college buddies before heading to an Indians game...this proved to be the highlight of the evening.---Nice change from what was there. Good food. Pricey interior is freshly renovated and nicely done.---This place is quintessentially Hungarian. The people working there reminded me of relatives of mine that were directly from Hungary. In fact, the lady that waited on us reminded me of a significantly younger version of my Hungarian grandmother in looks and personality. To begin this review, if you know anything about Eastern European food, it is not for those watching their waist line. However, there were vegetarian options for you non-meat eaters. The restaurant was very neat and clean. This reminded me of all the old hunky ladies in my family who where EXCESSIVELY tidy. To be honest I did not think the service was fabulous but it did not surprise me and I did not expect it to be all that great. Most eastern European people (but not all) I've known personally are not all that warm and friendly. They are very "down to business" type of people. But we did have a brief and pleasant conversation with our waitress who was very helpful answering our questions. The beef goulash I ordered was wonderful. I loved my food! The beef was fall apart tender and bathed, deliciously, in the paprika sauce. I had the option of getting speatzel, mashed potatoes, Hungarian rice pilaf or fries. Who the hell gets fries with their goulash?? I opted for the speatzel which made my meal very filling. The meal is also accompanied by a simple salad of lettuce, red onion, tomato and a few slices of cucumber in a white vinegar dressing. . .very simple but delicious. Prior to your meal, a basket of (I think Vienna) bread and butter is brought out to the table. Toward the end of our meal, I had to walk over to the kitchen to ask for more bread because there was quite a long while when there was no wait staff out in the dining area. However, when they saw me get up and walk over, they came out right away to, very pleasantly, accommodate my request. Oh yeah, I also ordered a merlot which was on the sweet side. I'm not a big wine fan but that wine was pretty good. I tasted my husband's pigs in the blanket (cabbage rolls) and they were the best I've ever eaten. . .ever. So savory, tender and delicious. (I'm sorry grandma!) We also ordered a slice of dobos torta to take home with us because we were so stuffed. Also delicious. I loved my food and if in the area again, I would definitely come back to Balaton.---On a picturesque summer visit to the University Circle area, my friend and I had a hankering for a tasteful dinner and a nice atmosphere. Walking under a train track, we came across a the sweet sounds and the clear air of Little Italy. This district was bustling and alive (in contrast to most of the rest of Ohio). It was an enclave of life. The question was, where would we eat? We came across this centrally located restaurant perched on a corner. The patio was oh, so inviting, with spirited opera recordings of Andrea Bocelli. We decided to scrap our college student value instinct and pay the price to sit in the tranquility of the patio. The service was prompt. Our water was constantly refilled. Warm, fresh bread was brought to our table with the nice touch of a creamy, rich butter. We decided to get some of the pasta dinners. For 17 bucks, I ordered the Abruzze which featured pasta with a red plumb tomato sauce and ground veal/beef. The meat tasted relatively high in quality. The tomato sauce was the forte. The tomatos tasted fresh and appetizing. They were full of Dolce Vita. But why only 4 star? The issue was that I felt that the food was not quite worth the steep price. The pasta I could tell came right out of a box. Also, it would be nice if the dinner came with a side dish or something. My friend ordered the Fettucini Fellini only to describe it as good not great. So the food is not quite innovative or authentic. But if you are looking for a tasty enough Italian meal in a beautiful atmosphere where prompt service runs gracefully, La Dolce Vita fits the bill.---Breakfast/lunch only, a no frills hole in the wall, family-owned spot where Pop does the kitchen duties, Mom manages the front and waits tables, and two sons wait tables, fill coffee, and talk sports with anybody who wants to jump in! Tasty, some inventive omelets, but after all these years they haven't managed to make truly outstanding coffee. Cash only, so be warned. Park in back and enter thru the back door, or park on Detroit and come in the front.---The Sushi is great! Probably the best I have had in the Cleveland area. Great service, great food & cute little restaurant!---Omg!! Food is incredible. You can tell all the food is made fresh and from scratch. I can really appreciate a business that stays true to values like that. I was jus telling a friend we have no good BBQ or soul food on the west side. This place is newer and been up for a few months and have been meaning to try it. This is going to be my go to! Great food I def recommend....you will not regret it!!---We've been coming here every Sunday for a month now. It's such a great place and the food is very good. There is a lot of healthy options too. It gets really busy after 10am, but the service is always friendly and quick. We will continue coming here every week.---We enjoyed the food and the big list of beers. Nice staff. Good food and very reasonably priced. No complaints. Ate there twice in a span of two days while in downtown Cleveland.---Great time and food. Band No Stangers Here was Excellent. Wonderful time and highly recommended. Only suggestion would be to keep the kitchen open later.---Fresh good food, quick service. What else can you ask for? I had crispy duck. It was simply out of this world.---Our first trip to the new restaurant in Aurora was a good one. The food was prepared well and tasted very good. The wine selection was also good (at least the glasses we ordered). We did have to wait 45 minutes for our food, but that appeared to be just us based on how quickly other tables got their food. We will definitely come back again, hoping they work out their kinks by then. Good to have another option in Aurora!---Delicious meal! I had the weiner schnitzel (small) and it was plenty big. Spouse had the Hungarian Platter with weiner schnitzel, veal paprikesh, and stuffed cabbage. It was great_ lots of food. The salad was the only non-great thing- it was awash in diluted wet dressing- obviously premade. It was fresh lettuce though. I had the 5 raisin dessert wine- so very sweet! The dobosch torte was homemade and fantastic! Our waitress was swift and professional. I would return on another visit.---Had house salad and the spicy authentic version of pad thai... great meal! Would go back again!---We had a wonderful first experience. We were unsure of a final selection so management actually brought out a portion of the amazing eggplant dish for us to try in addition to our main courses. The service was fantastic, management was generous and kind. We will be going back frequently!---Powerhouse of Cleveland cuisine. The tasting menu is both delicious and impressive. But when it's not such a special occasion, you can order al a carte, and you won't be disappointed (or as light in the wallet after dinner). Great drinks (wine and cocktails). Patio is great on a pleasant evening. Service is excellent.---Shared a 19$ bottle of Chianti, which was good. Had the linguini pesto with scallops and mushrooms. Great food and service with good service. Would def recommend it---The fried chicken is absolutely fantastic and the mashed potatoes are home made! I could eat it every day if you let me. The staff is also very friendly and attentive. And since my Granny was not only from Alabama, but ran a restaurant and school cafeteria back when everything was from scratch you know I know what good fried chicken tastes like!---Good food with great service. The atmosphere is nice and the dishes are all at decent prices.---1/26/15 Monday 6:00pm - The food we had tonight was really good. We had the Stromboli as it was buy one/ get one half off. That's a good thing because we ordered small portion, and we were served the large, higher priced item. I don't believe it was intentional, and we didn't fuss since it just meant we'd have leftovers. The large order was two Stromboli per person, with each having about 6 cuts, so that was a lot of food! We also had a small order of wings. I had the mild which are pretty much the same anywhere you go - my son had the hot carribean and he loved them. He even got a side of sauce to bring home. Wait service was good overall but for the portion mistake, and I asked for another beer which was never brought - but in all fairness - it's kind of loud in the place and she probably didn't hear me. Again, I didn't fuss. I just figured that was a sign I didn't need it, and honestly with all that dough in my belly, I'm glad I didn't have it. I really like the design of Dina's - with the old roll-up garage doors now serving as windows. I believe it did indeed used to be a "filling station" and now they cleverly market that into the name. I can attest to the fact that you will get full at this restaurant. The only detractor for me is that at the end of the day, it's a sports bar. I'm of the opinion that there are far too many sports bars and that nice, mid-price places where you can have good food *and* good conversation are a dying species. Oh, and to the Yelper who complained that Dina's doesn't have a large selection of microbrews/crafts etc. That's what Ohio City is for or go to Fatheads in North Olmstead.---Great service and great drinks. Anthony was out waiter/bartender. He was great with explaining the menu and telling us the history behind the restaurant. Food was amazing everything is made in house and the fries are marinated in beer, what more could you ask for.---We loved this place. The food was terrific, portions were generous and service friendly and efficient. We were with people who come here regularly and we understand why. The veal was wonderful. It's too bad we don't live closer, but it's worth the drive.---This place is amazing. South Indian food. Authentic and delicious. This is the spot for dosa. Run to this spot. You won't be disappointed. They are super friendly, the place is new and clean, and delicious.---It's been a few months since we ate there . But the whole experience was spot on (except the finding it and parking thing). The only complaint is finding the place. Gps was somewhat helpful, it led us to a gate that said residential parking only! Not one sign for Luca patron parking or for Luca! After driving in circles for a bit, we called and they said all we have to do is go through the gate and valet will park it. Well now. They also said they are trying to get a sign put up, so hopefully they did by now. Staff was nice and helpful with the menu. Good recommendations for food & wine. views out of the Windows are quite nice of the flats. Food is... How can I put this...DIVINE! Just amazing. We had calamari and the muscles for apps. Amazing! I can't remember the entrees, except I had some sort of tortellini looking pasta, and that was amazing as well! My hubby liked his meal too. We will be back for special occasions!---Their pizza tastes like no other pizza I've ever had, and I crave it! In addition to being a Cleveland institution, it's also super affordable. I live around the corner and I frequently get take out.---My Wife and I have been here twice in the past 3 weeks. The food is outstanding! We found out they are under new management. We will be back very soon. Keep up the great cooking, wonderful flavors with the fresh ingredients! Best of all, if you want it a little hotter or a little cooler, they can do that too.---This place has become my weekday lunch spot 2 to 3 times a week. Thanks so much YELP for finding me a gem of a local spot. Decor is nice and modern and the place is freaking spotless! The staff is warm and welcoming and attentive to your needs. 7 to 10$ for a pita, drink and a bag of chips pretty inexpensive for what you get. Ingredients are fresh and have not had a bad pita yet. Even the "pizzas" are delicious. For 1st timers this place can be hard to find as it is buried in an office center. Check out this local gem!---went on 5/10/13, the sever was very attentive and the food delicious. We had 10 people and every entree was great. The special was a skirt steak and it melted in ur mouth! Salads, sandwiches, wings, pizza, mussels, burger, salmon and steak was awesome! Stop by for bike night on tuesdays and grab some grub!---Great restaurant on a sleepy night in Little Italy I almost ate too much and I really enjoyed the single malt (I think I had a couple Macallan 12s)... The linguine with sausage was super tasty and lasted two days! Compliments to the chef(s) and the gorgeous hostess, bartender and our waitress...---I enjoy going here for lunch, especially when the weather allows you to eat outside. The lunch buffet is different each day of the week. Plenty to choose from and all you can eat.---First time eating Thai- very good. Got a spicy level 10, not the spiciest I've ever had, but still very tasty.---So I haven't been here in a few years, but I met a friend for brunch. They have remodeled the inside and it looks nice - kinda rustic. We were seated quickly, and coffee and water was brought right away. The coffee is ok, nothing special. Individual pots are brought to each table, and while that's a good idea, our coffee pot had a giant greasy handprint on it so I was leery of how often they are cleaned. We ordered and food was quickly delivered. I got the BLT eggs Benedict and my friend had the veggie omelette. Both were good and filling, and included greens on the side. A nice breakfast all in all, minus the dirty coffee pot. Go early on weekends to avoid a long wait.---Amazing that there can be a place like this that makes such good, healthy food you simply can't find outside of your kitchen!!! Kudos Great food!!!---Oh Melt, how you taunt me by being so far away. Open a store in Los Angeles, please? I know, you would not be so cool without your Cleveland sports and music memorabilia, but we could still enjoy your cheesy awesomeness, no? Especially the lasagna grilled cheese, oh my that was something else!---My fiance and I bought a Groupon for Luchitas. We got there and it was 99 cents taco tuesdays to our surprise. So we didn't use our groupon. It was very busy and they keep their staff running! The tacos were all good but the soft ones were the best. Chicken was a bit bland but I can't complain for the price. Definitely the best taco Tuesday around town. We also bought a side of rice and beans to split. The portions were generous.I am glad I still have my groupon so I can return back and try some main entrées.---Went with the family and an extra friend for dinner before seeing the Christmas lighting ceremony at Public Square. We ordered the Hungarian Platter and a side plate of cabbage rolls to try. The cabbage rolls were not my favorite, but everything else was delicious. We tried an assortment of tiny cheesecakes that were all great.---How could you not love a place with menu items titled "Edgar Allen Poe," and "Green Lantern?" I came here with a group of friends and LOVED it. After having Guys Pizza stuffed down my throat for years since it's always the choice for last minute meals with friends, Dewey's was a refreshing change of pace. The flavors are bold and the experience is fun, since you can split your pie, making choosing just one style a thing of the past. I agree with other reviewers that wait times and prices can be exorbitant. However, the deliciousness of the meal is certainly worth it, in my opinion. They don't skimp on the toppings (like I've often noticed with Guys Pizza), and the service is very good. If they delivered, they'd become my new midnight craving speed dial entry :)---Oh, my, god. We visited Cleveland during a long road for which I'd done a lot of research, and made lots of little notes and reminders of things to do upon arrival in different places. Among them was Slyman's, and as we approached, I couldn't remember what was so special that I'd made a note of "Corned Beef at Slyman's" in advance. The line protruding out the front door was a good omen. We each ordered our corned beef sandwiches and took a seat, which was easy since most of the people in line were waiting on food to go. You've got to be kidding me with this sandwich. It was so packed full of meat that I had to press it down considerably before I could fit a bite into my mouth. I've never in my life seen a bigger corned beef sandwich, and let's not forget to mention the terrific flavor of the meat. Made with love, this sandwich was, for a lunchtime nosh that kept my appetite satiated until very late at night. If I'm ever back in Cleveland for any reason at all, this is it.---We stopped in after seeing a show at playhouse square. The server was incredibly friendly, the drinks were good and well priced for being downtown. We got some guac and queso just as a snack and both were brought out immediately and were fresh. We will definitely come back on a day we can stay for a full meal!---I admit I almost only ever go during Wednesday night for half-priced sushi. The service has always been good. We used to go to Fujiyamas for half-priced sushi every Friday night but they kept serving us not-so-fresh fish so we stopped going. I can say I haven't had anything like that happen so far at Mark Pi's. The sushi is well prepared and tasty, no funky colors or smells, and I haven't had any next-day woes if you know what I mean. The hostess (or is it owner?) is a character. She's a little weird but very friendly and she always makes sure we are having a great experience. She's got a dry, understated sense of humor, she'll crack you up if you pay attention. A few times we've been there on a slow night and were treated to free edamame before the meal and a neatly sliced orange afterward. Oh, and free wifi! Between the great service and the half-price sushi Wednesday, what's not to love.---I believe I died and went to pizza heaven! Hot,fresh and delicious are the perquisites of this establishment! Absolutely delicious, other pizza have a seat to this leader. Want a great tasting pizza? Then take a drive to Lakewood,no car then hitchhike, bus, or walk! Just get there,AWESOME!---Wicked Delicious! Need I say more!? Awesome staff good food and great drinks. I highly recommend the cucumber margarita!---Amazing variety of grilled cheese sandwiches, if you can still call them that. Combine grilled cheese with a full dinner at home. First time here, A+ food and service.---This place is a fantastic place. Dim sums are made in a very authentic way (I would say 100% Chinese and 0% American), and there are so many choices of dim sum, which makes me feel that this place is better than the most visited dim sum restaurant in New York.---Really good home cooking. If you grew up in a European home, and you miss your moms cooking, look no further. Good coffee as well.---We visited here a few Friday night ago when they had the Dueling Pianos, and boy did we have a blast!! I went online before arriving and found out that they were offering $3 Draft beer, $5 martini's, $3 bombs and $5 flat bread pizza after 9pm. Perfect!! We called in around 4 pm that day to make reservations for the dueling Pianos the guy who took our reservation was professional and polite. Upon arrival we were greeted promptly and we're seated right up front, literally directly in front of the pianos, it was the perfect spot, no one in our view. Our waitor was very nice and attentive. My only complaint about the whole experience was that when I asked about the $5 martini's our waitor informed us they actually had discontinued that special, even though it was still visible online. He offered to give me one at the discounted price, that was ok by me. My date and I shared the Warm Bacon & Apple salad, it was delicious! Not really enough to share as a meal, but perfect little appetizer. We also got 2 of the flatbread pizzas. The one with meatballs on it was the bomb, highly recommend giving that a try!! Can't say I am much impressed with the decor, although nothing specifically wrong with it. A lot of wood..Every where! Never got that trend myself. It's clean and the staff was nice, we will definitely be going back to check out some of the Germans dishes!---I just can't understand why would someone give non-five-star to this wonderful restaurant. Meat balls here are of rich flavors!---Hands down, one of the best Indian food buffets I've ever eaten, anywhere. Pricey, but worthwhile!---Great diner food with a twist! Just what Old Brooklyn needs! Get the party melt and you won't be disappointed!---I am really feeling this place! They are very new to the Solon area, so new that the alcohol for the bar hasn't even arrived yet. We stopped in here for a lunch break for some take out. I ordered the pineapple fried rice with chicken off of their pretty large lunch menu. I am not an egg fan, so I got no egg in my fried rice which was fine because I was surprised to find the rice also had dried cranberries and cashews mixed in. I really enjoyed that! The chicken was grilled all white meat with a light sauce it seemed to be cooked in. I chose the green salad as my side, paired with ginger dressing. The salad was kind of underwhelming, just some greens and shredded carrots. You can also choose miso soup or a mushroom broth. I would like to come back next time and try the sushi! There is really no where else to get fresh sushi in Solon, so this place is a good addition! The service was good and the staff was very friendly. Next time we will call ahead to pick up our order, so that we don't have to wait there. They also have private hibachi rooms for events or birthday parties.---Originally saw this place on Man vs. Food. I definitely like the food here and everything is pretty good. The chicken, the ribs, the hot links, and the sides are delicious. I particularly like the po boy. I think it's something like a hot dog or hot link in a bun, topped with cole slaw, french fries, and covered in sauce. And it's around like $4 and some change. For less than $5, it's a value and really good. If this place was a little closer, I would definitely come by more often---All I have to say is this: two of my sisters were in a very heated disagreement for several hours because one of them threw away the leftovers from Tasty Pizza without considering that the other may have wanted to eat it. Said pizza had been sitting out in a hotel room unrefrigerated for 14 hours. This did not deter the scorned sister one bit from desiring to devour it. Also, they have a very impressive, serve-yourself beer fridge. Well, the fridge itself isn't that impressive, but the quality and variety of beers within it are.---Paul and Victor are amazing behind the bar!!! Always smiling and give you attention like you're the only person in there!!! Love this place.---If you like thin crust pizza, you will love this place. This is probably the best pizza in a 10 to 15 mile radius of Avon, Ohio.---Oh, Dolce Wraps. I was looking for a lunch place near my job in Westlake, and found Dolce Wraps on Yelp. I'm so happy I did! I ended up coming here several times per week for lunch. The food is delicious- I love everything I tried. I generally switched between the Falafel Wrap with hummus and hot sauce, the Rotisserie Chicken Wrap with apricot chipotle sauce, and the Chicken Moroccan wrap which had a yummy whipped garlic sauce! Amazing! And these pita wraps are HUGE! Enough to last me 2 lunches, a really great deal for under $7. The service is amazing, as well. The ladies behind the counter are super friendly and accommodating, as is the (assumed) owner who is often standing nearby. Although I was only in Cleveland for 3 months, I was quickly recognized as a "regular customer" which was really awesome. I wish I could take Dolce Wraps back home to Connecticut with me!!---We have eaten here 3 times since moving to Cleveland and it is our favorite place to eat so far. The service is always excellent and the food is second to none! I would recommend that if you have a chance to try this place out, DO IT!!---This is a fun college bar. Prices are good, and service was great. My only issue was a lack of decent wine. They only had cheap wine. I would visit again if I was in the area.---I love this place! The banana split is out of this world. Three scoops of your choice, two slices of toasted banana bread and your choice of pb or Nutella whipped cream. I mean, come on. I am a repeat customer and plan to be that way for a long time to come. Bravo masons, bravo.---Maria was awesome. Came in at the end of the night. Great suggestions on the food and beer, and all her top picks were great. Would recommend.---So right off the bat I'm willing to admit I didn't know what an arepa OR pupusa were before entering the doors of this fine establishment. To sum it up for you, arepas are magical and pupusas are their bewitching brother in law. We tried an arepa with fries and my god, the corn like sandwich filled with meat, cheese, and veggies was so delicious. I would say it was like the Colombian/Salvadorian version of an overflowing cheese steak. As for the pupusa, if you stuff anything in anything you're pretty much set up for delicious success. I don't care how that sounds, but I stand by it. The dining room was small and plain; it was perfect. Can't wait to return.---In an ideal world, every McDonald's employee would be taken out back at gunpoint. "You can now work for Swenson's," they'd say, "Or we can put a bullet in your head." Then every McDonald's would be transformed to have the best burger in the whole dang world. And anyone who complained that they couldn't get their McNuggets would be shot in the head, and the world would be a better place. I said in a previous review that Bearden's had the best burgers in town. I was wrong. This place has the most amazing burgers I've ever had... And as an extra-special blast, you get it in a retro-cuisine drive-in fashion! That's right. You drive up, and park, and flash the lights, and a guy RUNS out to your car to take your order. Then he comes back with a tray, and he sticks it on your window, and you eat in the car and play the Grease soundtrack and feel quite the hipster at eating at a drive-in. The burgers are amazing. The buns are like Hawaiian bread, very sweet and light and tasty, whereas the burgers are quality meat, done correctly. You want bacon? It's actual goddamned bacon. And the burgers are like $2.50 apiece, amazingly cheap (although you pay extra for every add-on, including tomatoes and lettuce). They have fried mushrooms that are... Well, they're okay. I mean, they're fried mushrooms, which have the traditional problem of that if you eat them in two bites, the coating breaks free of the slippery mushroom inside, and you're eating either a shell or a mushroom. They also have seventeen flavors of shakes. The shakes are thick and tasty; I had a butterscotch that was heavy on the butterscotch flavoring, and didn't feel made from ice cream - maybe it was, but it was more in the McDonald's vein of "gooey stuff" than "milk with ice cream bits in it." But then again, maybe I waited too long to eat it. The only ding I have against Swenson's is that they have yet to take over the world and shoot all the McDonald's. I'm waiting, people. I'll even fill out the gun permits for you, if you ask nicely.---Yum, yum, yum. Palak paneer is epic. Worth the drive, even from the other side of town. Chicken is outstanding and juicy. Call ahead for catering and shamelessly stuff your face at home or share with you family. Servings are generous but I could go through 4-5 plates. Just roll me and my stuffed belly home. What a gem.---Amazing food, enchanting atmosphere, and all with a wonderful mission. Going to any restaurant on opening night can be exciting and challenging at the least, but it was just excitement at Edwin's. The staff in their training program were as professional as any other fine dining restaurant in Cleveland. They made great suggestions and were more than accommodating. The mushroom risotto was delicious and the horseradish salmon was probably one of the best dishes I have ever eaten in Cleveland!!!!! This is a great place all around and should be a must stop for ANYone living in or visiting Cleveland.---This review is for Sunday brunch... All i can say is i felt like i was back at a casino in Atlantic city or Vegas when it came to the spread...For those of you who have never been to said brunch before, think of high end food, in large amounts available all day long..To start you can choose from a bloody mary or a mimosa included with your meal. Then the adventure starts... They have a bread and pastry selection with multiple types of each.. Regular bread, breakfast breads, fruit and tart pastry, cinnamon rolls ect. Then you move to the seafood section. Crab legs, shrimp, seafood salads, a whole smoked salmon, and then they also had a huge amount of fruit and cheeses. Next you have the hot bar with anything from eggs, bacon and eggs bendecit to mussels and greenbeans and crawfish stew... Last you have the carving station with prime rib and ham, as well as mac and cheese and lasagna.. Come hungry, you wont leave hungry.. For 39$ i would say this is the best brunch you can get in cleveland!.---I love Lotus Thai! I drove by for several months before I got curious enough to step inside. So glad I did! When dining at a new restaurant I always ask my waiter what they would suggest. Let them put their best foot forward. The staff is great; very warm and responsive. My waiter wholeheartedly recommended PLA RAD PRIK. It's a delicious talapia dish. Melt in your mouth goodness!! It's hard not to order this every time I go back. But I like to try their specials and I continue to ask different waiters about their favorite dishes. The basil chicken is excellent. Honestly, I've never been disappointed with anything I've had here. Great food, terrific service, great value!---I have to give The Melt five stars due to the uniqueness of the food and atmosphere. My sandwiches and fries have always been good, although my husband isn't as impressed. I enjoy going here a few times/year - fun experience!---My family and I have long patronized the restaurant next door -- La Fiesta -- from which this is a spin off. Both restaurants use the same ingredients, but La Taqueria is targeting a lunch crowd with its Chipotle-style line of ingredients. The decor is rather trendier than I expected given the traditional interior of the restaurant next door. As I mentioned, La Taqueria shares ingredients with La Fiesta, which is a great boon for the new place. We have always loved the salsa and tortilla chips next door (and now here). The owner, Brian, pointed out that they have more ingredients than Chipotle, and he's right. Overall, I was impressed with the decor and the quality of the ingredients. My greatest concern for the restaurant is its location (which is difficult to spot from the road). As the restaurant is still waiting on its sign out front, things are probably moving somewhat slowly at this point, and it's too early to tell whether enough people will become aware of this place. I, however, will continue to eat at La Taqueria, and hope others will as well.---I love this place...GREAT Smoothies, Wheat Grass Shots, Awesome Salads...All Healthy!! I suggest getting the order 'to go' and taking it to the beach!!---You can't go wrong with this restaurant. Everything is delicious and the staff very knowledgable and friendly. Great specials! Ask for their wine specialist, they'll be able to recommend something delicious.---We are from Fort Worth Texas and this was our first time at this restaurant. The food was authentic, excellent tasting and the service was phenomenal. Highly recommended...---The food at Mabel's was outstanding. I had the Mr Beef sandwich and the spicy cabbage spaetzles. I would highly recommend and will be going back to get the same thing again! Well done Iron Chef Symon!---There is very little that I can say in this review that will make you understand what Barrio is all about. You've either been there or you haven't...and if you haven't, hurry up already! This Cleveland gem has gained popularity in recent year and is currently about to open it's 4th location. I'll just keep it simple and say the tacos are something else. You custom make your own taco by filling out the pencil and paper form. If you don't want to do the work, choose one of their speciality tacos. They will have a special Guacamole almost daily (at least every day that I've ever been there) and it all starts with an incredible fresh guac and gets creative and funky from there. Make sure to pair your food with one of the excellent margaritas served in fitting mason jars to match the atmosphere. Lastly, don't dare leave without eating a choco-taco. There are two versions, vanilla and cayenne. They are both the same with the latter simply adding a nice element of heat to your cool dessert. Anyway, it doesn't matter which of the locations you head to as they are all consistent and give the same feel. They also have a spot in Progressive Field which is more incentive to head to a Tribe game while in town.---Patio is different. Although all the stone and cement furniture outside look real nice, your ass will be numb if sitting for more than 30 minutes. Food is real good but a little pricy. I like the wood interior, a nice old school touch. Bocce court is a joke if you've ever played the game.---Beautiful little find in Rocky River! The hot, humid weather took us past the patio dining and inside the restaurant. As lovely as it was from the outside, it was charming on the inside. Kind of like walking into a little place in Paris....which means they've achieved their goal! The red-painted pressed tin-ceiling, beautiful old wood floors, antiques, and the big paintings of the Eiffel Tower create the mood. Enough about the setting....on to the food! Potato and chive soup was the special soup of the day. I ordered that and the crab ceviche. Wonderful combination! This wasn't any thick, floury, pasty potato soup....it was light, delicate, redolent of sweet cream and delicately seasoned. It was honestly the best potato soup I've ever had. The crab ceviche was actually an appetizer - I wanted something light after soup. This beautiful plate was composed of a fan of perfectly ripe avocado topped with a lightly dressed mound of sweet, fresh, crab claw meat, drizzled with a red pepper aioli that had a little bit of appreciated kick! Another drizzle of mango puree was a nice counterpoint - a little citrusy, a little sweet - against all the other flavors. Divine. On to dessert! My perennial chocolate craving was perfectly satisfied with this tiny, moist chocolate cake, drizzled with peanut butter caramel and surrounded by a lovely sea salt. Again, just a perfect balance. Very nice wine list, too!---Still the best ice cream shop in Ohio City! Loving their ramen nites and their new flavors! Black Sesame, Flan, Marzipan and Key Lime Pie!---Gotta love a place where the food is always good, there's always a crowd, and even my seven-year-old daughter loves it! Sure, the booths could be bigger and there could be a better waiting area, but the intimate feel is all part of the charm of Yours Truly. I'm new to the area, but YT has become a family favorite already.---Bruno's is a place I would have easily driven past without a second glance... It's not huge nor is it near the beaten path. It is, however, worth going a little bit out of the way for! Walking in, you feel like home; the restaurant is very small and cozy with decor that is not over-the -top. You can smell the garlic and the fresh bread smells wafting toward you as you are seated. I would recommend making a reservation if you're going during a popular dinner-out night as there is not much seating, but it was not crowded on a Monday evening. I ordered the gnocchi and was pleased to find out that all entrees come with soup or salad so I chose the Italian wedding soup. It was very flavorful and LOADED with meatballs! Ordering a whole bowl with all those meatballs would have been a meal in of itself (one that would warm the soul I might add!). My gnocchi with blush sauce came out like pillows straight from heaven. They were very fluffy and the sauce was not too heavy... I'm not one to like tomato sauce, but this blush was perfect! The portions were HUGE and we all ended up getting boxes for lunch the next day (my gnocchi were even better today if that's possible). We all decided to order dessert as well since calories don't count when you're with friends. I got the cannoli which were really tasty; they weren't the best I ever had but they were nice a crunchy which is a big plus for me. One of my friends ordered the lemoncello cake which is definitely what I would choose next time. It was tart without being sour and was very refreshing. The staff is very attentive and checked on us numerous times Overall, a very pleasant meal!---Great food! Good wine! Decent building, decent staff. Decent Prices. Seafood pasta and the daily special roasted red pepper raviolis were spectacular. Had a "super tuscan" wine, Le Volte, which was delicious. Capped the meal with free fruit and it was a wonderful evening.---Great place to go for a meal and drinks, regardless of the time of day. Great draft list and a menu of milk shakes and specialty juices. Food never disappoints and they have something for everyone. My favorite appetizers are the truffle fries (fresh cut, perfectly seasoned), the prosciutto wrapped dates stuffed with goat cheese (the perfect bite, a blend of savory, salty, and sweet -yum!!), and the chicken and chili nachos (fresh, flavorful and great for sharing). I also recently tried the crispy tofu wings, which are on the monday night vegan menu - great texture, definitely go for the buffalo sauce. A new addition is crudités with white bean and kale hummus and olive tapenade (the tapenade was exceptional). For meals, I usually go with one of the flatbreads. The west side market veggie is my favorite - super fresh ingredients that come right from the market next door! They also do a really great burger deal on Thursday nights as well that comes with a side and either a milkshake or draft. The Kobe beef makes for a moist, tasty burger - I was pleasantly surprised to find that this is one of the best burgers I've had in the city! They also have a great brunch and late night menu. When the weather is warmer, the outdoor patio is great as well!---I finally had a chance to try Umami Moto during one of their alternating Friday campouts on the grounds of the Islander Apartments in Middleburg Heights. Right off the bat, the location gives them some points with me. It's a drag to see the daily posts from the other local food trucks hitting spots downtown and on the East side, while those of us who toil in some of the other burbs get left out in the cold. After scoping out the menu, I decided to try the Bahn Mi and fish tacos, and while I waited for my order, I had a nice chat about the state of the food truck situation in CLE. Aside from the hot food, they have a nice assortment of chips and other crunchy sides and bottled drinks. Once my order was done I took it back to my office and it smelled so good, it took just about every last ounce of self-control to not tear open the bag on the way back. The fish tacos were good, and the cilantro really brightened up the homemade corn tortillas and grilled fish. The real star of the show however was the Bahn Mi. Big, filling, flavorful, and just a little bit hot from the sliced jalapenos, this was a sandwich I know I will crave and need to have again in the very near future.---Went here last fall, sorry for the late review. We went a little later at night, around 7 or 8 pm. Restaurant was not crowded and our waiter was VERY attentive. I really cannot remember what we ordered (sorry) but I do remember that all of the sushi we ate was amazing. That is the important part! I really liked how the menu had a photo album of what each sushi dish looked like. Food for the eyes! The service and food were good, and I see no reason to go back. We will definitely visit again, especially because we live so close by! Don't just write it off because it is in a strip mall!---Is this the best ever place? Nah. It's pretty good, but I also rate it a 4/5 due to the service and their ability to handle several people with specific requirements. A group 8 or 9 of us stopped in an hour before close. I used to work in food service, so I'm sure that wasn't ideal. Even if they were groaning internally, the staff was all extremely pleasant and helpful. Only a few of us had ever been there, so the rest of us basically had no idea what sort of food they even offered. As I mentioned, a few people have particular allergies and I've seen waiters get a bit annoyed, but the staff was great about it (and even checked to make sure every item, including a sauce was gluten free for one of my best friends with a serious gluten allergy. For real, don't cross contaminate her, it's BAD NEWS). I was pretty happy with the variety of items offered - it can sometimes be difficult to please all people in this group. I don't think anyone had leftovers. I ended up with a Turkey Wrap, but switched out the sauces (sorry I don't remember which one I ended up with). I wasn't expecting anything life changing but it totally hit the spot and the sauces they have (which they let us all sample) are great. The hummus is wonderful - definitely order it if you stop in here. I still prefer Alladin's hummus or my home made hummus, but this is better than most places (I like to mix in a bit of a hot sauce and some garlic sauce. But I feel you can almost never go wrong with garlic. I am shocked that I can still get people to make out with me). The only thing that I wouldn't ever order again was the falafel. It wasn't bad at all, but it didn't have as much flavor as I'm used to. The rice is really great. Next time I may get a side of it to go, so I have something tasty in my lunch. Regardless of what you end up with, it's a pretty good value. You do get a good amount of food for what you pay. I've seen a certain member of our party put back as much food as 3 of us and then still have room, and one plate of their food worked for him. We were there until close, but didn't realize it because the staff was so chill. Once we realized it was closing time, the staff still wasn't pushing us out (I'll be honest, I have done this or at least made it abundantly clear that it is Closing Time Now). Instead, the staff chatted with us and said no rush. They did kind of make fun of us because it was a Saturday and we weren't going out to party.---Came on a Groupon and loved our visit. We will be back. These guys do a dann good steak. My strip steak was perfectly medium, veggies were tasty and holy mashed potatoes! I could have eaten a plate of the mashed potatoes alone. For dessert, the key line was a wonderful choice. Service was great. The waitress was attentive and polite. She had a big party seated next to us but handled her tables well.---Just had sunday brunch with the family and it was really awesome. Very impressive. We had a Groupon and it expired today, actually at 3pm when they closed. We made our way over there at 2:30 and we are glad we did. The food was amazing and the service was top notch. Our server Chelsea was very professional and helpful. One of my kids had the french toast which was huge and very good. The other had a BLT on a croissant and I don't think he even stopped to breathe. He kept saying " this is awesome". I had the French Dip which was perhaps the best I have ever had. Seems like they actually use brisket and the bread was perfect. A really good roll which lots of au jus. Sometimes places use chewy roast beef and you wind up spitting half of it out because you can't chew it. My wife had the soup and salad and loved it too. Big portions, charming little place and great service. I'm a fan and we'll be going back for sure. Highly recommended for a casual meal and relaxing atmosphere.---I am in LOVE with Blue Point! From the moment you walk in the door until the second you leave, IMPECCABLE guest service. The waiters know the menu inside & out, including the extensive wine list & you will never have an empty glass. I'm a huge fan of the crab cakes & the grouper here & almost never switch it up...maybe next time! ;) lol My boyfriend loves the lobster & the presentation on some of these dishes (like the lobster) is impressive! This has to be the best seafood restaurant in Cleveland hands down. If you're looking for an incredible dinner this is the place to come.---Great! Had they Chicken Hibachi, and Avocado rolls, 1st time there and I will go back, best around!---I've been to the Corkscrew Saloon many times and never have I had anything but a wonderful experience. The outdoor patio is beautiful in nice weather and the indoor seating is a treat inside an old century home. I've had both steak and sea food from Corkscrew and each time it was been thoughtfully prepared. I personally enjoy their salmon. Their stuffed peppers are my favorite for appetizers. They can get busy, especial around holidays or special occasions so it's always best to make reservations. Watch for St. Patty, Valentine, ect day specials as well.---Cool atmosphere. Good service and beer selection. Above average food at a fair price. Be sure to get the pretzel appetizer.---It's been a while since I've been, but I've always thought the food was tasty, and the beer even more so!---We live right down the street from the Piada-Rocky River location and have been several times for a quick bite. Just after 7, the line was practically out the door, which brings me to my main problem with this place. Maybe it's because people are still getting acclimated with all the offerings and ordering process, but the line moves so slowly when it's busy! It was close to 7:45 before we got out of there - we could've sat down at another restaurant and gotten food quicker. Service has always been friendly, but it almost seems like they have too many options -- people get overwhelmed! Until yesterday I had only ever ordered a piada, so I decided to branch out and get a pasta bowl. Wild, I know. The texture of the pasta was great, and there was certainly a lot of it. All that pasta requires some serious sauce though, and unfortunately I think I got a total of 2 teaspoons of pesto. The noodles were so dry I ended up coming home and throwing on some extra olive oil dressing. I just wish they were as liberal with the toppings as they are with the pasta! *Review Update* Full disclosure: since writing the above I was contacted by Piada, who apologized for my negative experience and sent a gift card to their restaurant. I have been back twice, and have had much better meals both times. Most recently I went for lunch, and it was busy but the line moved pretty quickly. I also discovered the Farmer's Market salad, which is packed with flavor. I loved it. Needless to say they've been bumped up another star - yes, it does sound like a little bit of a bribe since they sent a gift card, but an establishment that pays attention to feedback and makes amends for a less-than-stellar experience will always get points in my book.---Got some vegan ruben sandwiches to go for dinner. They make a very respectable Ruben. The vegan Ruben is like the holy grail of vegan cuisine. Many restaurants try but few succeed in making a vegan Ruben. Helio comes pretty damn close. Its worth trying. I would eat here again. Counter service, friendly staff. Highly recommend.---Excellent food, great service (every time my water glass was half empty, it got filled), and good value for the price of the buffet. Chicken tikki masala, naan bread, and the spinach bean salad were standouts but everything was good. Plenty of vegetarian options.---Why I'd post this review since it's hard enough to get a table there already is beyond me but, I need to give credit where it's due. I've been to Red probably close to a dozen times over the last 3 or 4 years. Not a ton but, there are some things in life that need to be sparingly partaken to fully appreciate. Just to know where I'm coming from in this review I'm a total bitc* when it comes to a good steak. I've sent my fair share back to the kitchen and once jokingly said that I've gotten more steaks for free in Cleveland than I've paid for. Interestingly, I NEVER asked once for one to be taken off the bill! Apparently, it's not easy to cook a medium-rare steak(?) Red's decor and ambiance is refeshingly contemporary yet elegant. Would I call it "hip"? Well, no. Would I call it stuffy? Certainly not. I guess it's somewhere in-between. The outdoor patio is great though take caution they do permit smoking in this area so, if you're a hardcore non-smoker you might find this a distraction to your meal. Anyway, to the point: bar NONE and yes, that includes: Fleming's, Morton's, Hyde Park, Cleveland Chop House, XO, Ruth's Chris... Red makes THE best steak I have ever experienced in Cleveland. I don't know how they do it and frankly I don't care. The steak always has that nice heat-induced "crust" that many strive for but few achieve. The flavor off this crust is immense. The meat is very delicate and perfectly trimmed of excess fat and grissle. This is noteworthy since I recently had a $50 steak at Hyde Park, grissle and all. Red has never missed the cooking temperature on the steak once. I find that remarkable. By the way, I'm still amazed how someone can order a cut of fillet prepared well-done but, if you do why are you surprised that they ask you if it's okay to butterfly it to cook it to that degree of doneness? They have a variety of sauces one can order as an accompaniment to your steak. No, A-1 or Heinz is not one of them though, I guess in order to satisfy A-1 Die-Hards they've made their own in-house version. The other sauces, of which Bearnaise is my favorite are certainly made in-house and are phenomenal. The sides are aplenty and include sauteed spinach, Killbuck mushrooms, whipped potatoes with accoutrements and many more. There is a nice selection of salads and even their seemingly unexciting "chop-chop" salad is delightful. They typically will have a special steak or fish each evening. I have always found their servers to be helpful, friendly and professional. Red is a place to which you'll be glad you went!---(Oopps, I didn't go to this location...i went to the one in Crocker Park/Westlake) Yum...casual (you order, they make, order number is called), healthy, many choices... love it and will go back. ordered the hummus pita (came with choice of salsa/chips or rice). good portion..but more than enough room to then get a delicious smoothie! friend ordered italian pita (like a chick Parmesan which she said was good too) PB and J smoothie (minus the banana)...was enjoyable but a little too much on the jelly side. there was a strawberry and cherry at the bottom. YEAH for real fruit inside! not busy for a Sat. night either. also love the name of the restaurant, people think everything is liquid. ha---I always try to stop by The Fluffy Duck Cafe when in the area. Regarding the pastries: i've tried the Savory Scone and the Kouign Amann, both were delicious! Seems like a newer cafe; the interior is pleasant. The bathrooms say "whichever" and I thought that was clever. Will be back!---$3 Coors light tall boys... enough said. We went here to pregame for an indians game and it was empty when we arrived, about 2 and a half hours before the game, but was packed by the time we went over to see first pitch. We got the mozzarella wedges for an appetizer and they were awesome. Almost got the nachos and were glad we didn't since the guys next to us ordered them and they looked like they were lacking much toppings... all chip not much cheese. There's an outside patio but we opted for inside since it was about 90 outside. The inside was open air as well but was somewhat cooler. All in all you can't go wrong as a pregame place of the Indians games so long as you're looking to drink... not so much eat. Also, the mixed drinks they were pouring looked STRONG.---Went here for dinner before a concert at Nautical Pavilion. I love the options for vegetarians and vegans. We got the guacamole as an appetizer. It was good and a nice portion size for 2. We opted for the $1 more for salsa. It was a good. I got the vegan Pad Thai because since going vege I haven't been able to order it. It was delicious. The hubby got the mushroom, tomato and onion solo burrito. He should have gotten the big plate. It was just a burrito only. The waiter was attentive but the wait was a little longer than normal so just make sure your not in a rush.---Punch bowl social is the place to be in Cleveland! Good times, good food, everything you could want and more like karaoke and tons of games. Also, we loved our server Mariah! So cute and helpful!---Eccellente!!! Great scene in the lounge. Fabulous menu to choose from. Grand plates and presentation, even finer flavors. I started with a Moscato Di Asti. Ordered a wedge salad. Finished with an espresso. My companion ordered a glass of wine, the Belgian Endive and a double shot of espresso. Both were delicious. The service was perfectly attentive and friendly. Can't wait to return! I would love to try their escargot! Yum!---Cravings since Dec. 2014 is no longer just a coffee house. They revamped the coffee house in to a Thai Restaurant. I believe a new sign is to come. The chef is a women from Thailand who makes what I believe is the best Thai food in Cleveland. A friend raved about it and I went the first time tonite. Its BYOB. Fabulous food and good portion sizes. Those that I went with also enjoyed their meals thoroughly. Fresh ingredients and tasty. Great Thai curry dishes. If you do not like things a little spicy make sure you tell them that as they are a little liberal with the hotness which was to my taste but may not be to others. This will be my go to place from now on. Appears they do a good carry out as well. Glad its close to home and easy to get to as well.---Wow! So glad to have Slymans open up here. Great set up! Slymans fries are awesome and the sandwiches are obviously amazing! Wahoo!---We go to Mulligan's frequently. The food has always been good. I specially enjoy the pub burgers...sliders. The drinks are great. The best part is the service. If you need anything you can ask any server and they will take care of you. The atmosphere is friendly and located in our neighborhood. We enjoy it!---Best traditional pizza shop in Cleveland area hands down! Their pizza sauce makes the difference and separates Athen's from all the rest. My family drives across town 20-30 minutes just for pizza every week. Nick, the owner, is great! Super customer service.---We were in the Coventry neighborhood for a birthday party a few weekends ago, and since I don't cook on weekends, we ventured to this place. First, great service! Second, the food was INCREDIBLE!! Third, the drinks were fun & fruity. I was so impressed & found myself wishing this place had a west side location!! Stop in if you love Thai eats---Been going here regularly since I moved to Lakewood and it's my favorite Indian food restaurant in the area. Highly recommend.---No Complaints Here! I visited for Sunday Brunch because my friends and I found that they have $12 bottomless mimosas! They come in 4 different flavors: Pineapple, OJ, Cranberry and Grapefruit. I ordered the Eggs Benedict and the hollendaise sauce was impeccable! They used real ham and not deli style or Canadian bacon. Oh and don't let those potatoes fool you- they are AMAZING! The whole dish was wonderful! My friends raved about the bacon even though I did not try it. I also tried a bite of my friends Belgian waffles and the whipped cream was divine! It was a cinnamon whip cream.---Finally had the opportunity to eat at H&H and went with some out of town guests as well. We ordered multiple dishes and I tried several of them. Even the ones I didn't try though were yummy to the eye! The menu is creative with a wide variety of ingredients and flavors, so even though many state it's a small menu, it is actually vast in my opinion. Then also, what they do, they do right. The interior of the building is taken down to natural brick on the walls with a visible kitchen behind glass windows, a small bar area and then multiple tightly placed rustic casual tables. They do have a couple tables that can seat six, but expect to reserve these well in advance and be squeezed in. It's definitely a cozy, social type feel. The acoustics can be loud. The service is professional and knowledgeable but not at all stuffy. The wine, beer and cocktail lists are all top notch. Ingredients for the drinks and food are all fresh and well thought out. The best item we all tried was the fisherman's chowder. I highly recommended this! The burger was over cooked as was the swordfish, but the flavors on the plate saved the dishes. The salmon also appeared over done, but I didn't try it, so I don't know. They do seem to like to cook the heck out of their meats and fish for some reason. The scallops looked perfectly cooked and the sweet tea brined pork was acceptable as well. The beef short rib shells, well short ribs can braise all day... All in all, there wasn't a dish we tried that wasn't delicious. The complimentary bread was a blue corn bread with maple butter and was perfect with the menu. Each main dish came accompanied with veges and a starch in some form, except the beef shells, they were topped with cheese and a sauce and was a heavy dish for those who like that. All the veges were perfectly seasoned, sauced and cooked. The prices were, as others have stated, a bit high, even for the caliber of food, and for the price, they're inconsistently over cooking some of the dishes it appears. This is a different type of restaurant than others in this area though, and I love the addition to the area!---Best dogs in town! The owner is so pleasant and helpful! The Chicago dog is spot on the the ones in chi town!---I had an all around great experience here. The service was above and beyond - Haley was cool, accommodating, and so adorable. The food was great! There were so many vegan options (and you can make mostly anything on the menu vegan). One of the owners even gave us his own private stock of vegan avocado mint ice cream because we were sad there were no dessert options for us. I had the "shrimp" lavender (sub tofu) and it was great, but a little bland, and the steam buns on lettuce were a little less food than I was expecting. The sake flight was impeccable, they are obviously very knowledgable about sake in general. I am excited to try this place again!---Swenson's has the classic drive-in feel paired with delicious food and employees that run everywhere! The burgers, shakes and potato teezers are amazing. I no longer live in the area, but make it a point to stop at Swenson's every time I am in town and have even considered driving over two hours just to satisfy my Swenson's cravings!---I really appreciate that they have Vegan Mondays and a nice vegetarian selection. More places need to start understanding that not everyone wants to eat meat with every meal and that having completely vegan meals can be very delicious and healthy. I had a good (not great) vegan chili, amazing avocado tacos, awesome beers and cocktails, and an amazing vegan peanut butter chocolate something-er-another. Thank you guys!---delicious and healthy breakfast at a very reasonable price! We sat down at the Wyndham for breakfast where we greeted with a price of $14.95 to help ourselves to a buffet. Not being very hungry and feeling that we were headed for a high priced disappointment we walked down the block instead. I'm really happy that we did! We walked in to Phuel. I asked what the best breakfast was, and Branden told me to order the Branden (not on the menu). A spinach, feta breakfast sandwich on walnut raisin toast. It was AMAZING! So delicious!!!! At $4.95 with free coffee it was a much better value, even when I paid an extra $4.00 for fresh squeezed OJ. Also amazing. You can tell when the juice was a whole orange moments before drinking it.---Excellent food!! The BLTsalad was so yummy and the truffle ravioli was exploding with flavor. Super friendly staff and great atmosphere; love the outdoor patio!---Solid BBQ spot- definitely recommend! Pros: Reasonably priced and delicious. Cons: Food was pre-prepared and clearly sitting out a while before we got there. The taste and flavor are outstanding! I kept it simple and ordered Ribs and fries. Sauce had me like "mmmmmm mmhhhmmmm" and ribs were like "Ahhhhh yaaa ahhhhh." Great time had by all!---Ross provided quick service of our appetizer, drinks and tacos. The tacos were on the smaller side without a variety of toppings but very delicious. The main draw to coastal taco is the location- sitting outside overlooking the river is incredible in the evening.---Stopped by after cruising west side market. Weather was nice, windows open good music playing. Progress Pilsner and Chinook Strike were delicious. Chicken and waffle plus beef cheek tacos - really good. Service prompt and friendly. I'll come back---Final had a chance to try this place and it was fantastic. Everything was great and my girlfriend loved the tostones especially. Definitely a fan and will return in the future. If you have not tried here yet, put it on your list as a place to eat.---Since the normal Indian restaurant I go to on this side of town is closed on Tuesdays, I decided to give this new spot a try. Apparently they just opened in December. The location of this place is in a very unassuming area but don't let that fool you. As soon as I walked in I immediately like the layout and feel of the place. There aren't too many tables but it does also have a bar so there is additional seating there. I ordered take out and while I waited they gave me a brief appetizer on the house and also some water along with it. For my meal I ordered some samosas and Butter Chicken to go. I'm a big fan of spicy foods so I told them to make it spicy. And that they did! It was just the right amount of spice where I could taste it but I could also fully enjoy the flavor as well. The chicken , sauce and amount of the butter chicken dish was a great amount for the money spent. I will certainly try this place again to checkout a few other items on the menu Also I gave the buffet a try. Not too much of a selection but the food was very well prepared and it was very good!---This was my first time here. I love little Italy area in Cleveland and my wife and I always like trying local coffee shops when we are out and about. Our Batista here was super friendly, very knowledge about speciality coffees. I had the almond mocha it was literally one of the best coffees I have ever tasted in my life. If your in this are stop by you won't be disappointed!!!!---This is one amazing place to have before we leave town. I got the hamburger with bacon, onion and mayo with cayenne fries. My wife got the chicken quesadilla. Both of these meals were very delicious. I really hope one of these come to our neighborhood. I wanna eat there again very soon.---I have been here a few times with my kids and we all love it.. Can't wait until they open the downtown location so we don't have to drive as far.---Hit and miss with some of the meats and kinda greasy. Its Good food, but very expensive and the value isn't quite there---I finally got to go to Seoul Restaurant with some friends last week, and absolutely loved it. The grilled mackerel (my favorite dish to order at any Korean restaurant) is superb, as was all the banchan. The cucumber kimchi was especially delicious. All the delicious food reminded me of a typical Korean meal at my mom's, only without all the judgment, criticism, and tears!---It was a nice place with a decent selection of items. The food was served quickly and had a large serving. Dont let the outside fool you, inside is decorated nicely.---The beer is good. The atmosphere is great! When we were drunk we loved the food, now that we are here sober, the pretzels are a little dry. The flights a over priced, but that's compared to what I'm used to in NC.---Ate here before seeing TSO at the arena... Wasn't a huge fan of the employees uniforms, definitely not a family friendly atmosphere. But we had a great bartender Chrissy, the beer cheese for the pub pretzels was amazing and the margarita pizza was also very good! If in the area again I would go back!---I just got a plain burger for take out and let me tell you about it. This burger is not your dad's burger... That is unless P.J. Marley is in fact your father. THIS burger was like an angel came down from heaven and brought a heard of cows with her to make the burger of the gods. Eating THIS burger was like having a conversation with God about how to make the best burger in the world. The pickles tasted as though Jesus pickled them, himself. Yes. The angel also brought down the heavenly Jesus pickes with her too... And pretzel buns... And all the other heavenly burger ingredients too. Then there were the French fries. The French fries were so good I swore that François Hollande, The president of France, cut down a forest of trees with an axe, used those trees to build a boat, sailed said boat across the Atlantic ocean and then walked to the kitchen of P.J. Marley's to hand cut the potatos and fry them himself... With the help of Jesus. If there is perfect form of hand cut french fries that exist, these are them. FACT. But the moral of the story is that this isn't JUST the best burger I have ever had, but the best burger in the world. Amen.---I live right across the street from Fat Cats and have only been there a handful of times. I ate there tonight for a happy hour/dinner. A great place to eat. I feel like I have been wasting my time by not coming here. The people who work there are a pleasure to talk with. The mini burgers at $4 for a pair is a deal. The lamb and goat cheese empanadas are $3. Import beers are $3, domestic $2. The ribs at happy hour are also good. I have not shelled out for a full price entree. That day is soon coming and I will report back with an update.---I went to the Cornerstone way back when it first opened, and it's still an excellent place to eat. The bar is nice with big TVs for any sporting event and there are plenty of tables for any other occasion. More importantly, the food is very good. Homemade pizzas, handcrafted beer, and excellent appetizers just to name a few favorites. Highly recommend this place to anyone.---This is by far one of the best places in the entire state to eat. I've been here over 10 times and every time I've been here it's been beyond great. If I was on death row this would be my final meal request. The Duck is unbelievable and their steaks are second to none. I love their local inspired menu and awesome specials. The service is better than most and they always keep your drink full. It can sometimes get a little loud in the dining room on the weekends and I suggest you make reservations if you have a chance because it's not a large place and they are always busy. The spicy noodles are a must. I was scared to try them at first but now I get them every time I go here. I can't say enough about this place, I'm pretty sure it's one of my favorite places of all time.---My husband, dog, and I were driving across country and stopped there for a quick breakfast a week ago. Not only are the bakery items outstanding but the staff was so friendly and they loved our dog! Even gave her a little bacon!---Great beer selection & food. A little expensive, but a fun place.---Very good! My family and friends have been there many times. Great food and Great service. I love the atmosphere and we frequent this location at least twice a month. Enjoyed everything!---Food scene in Cleveland has produced some great places to eat. This is one of them. Located close to Case Western, not only the food and draft beer list exceeds expectations, but the environment and service do as well. Portions are adequate and GF options are available.---I dragged my boyfriend in here one rainy Friday morning before going to the Market. We took a seat in the window, ordered coffee, and browsed the menu while I did my best imitation of a bored yet sophisticated Parisian. We split the French press and I ordered the herbed omelet; I have no idea what he ordered because I was too busy watching people walk by as I sipped my coffee and adjusted my chapeau. The omelet was good though a little too herbaceous for my palate. Great spot for a quick, easy breakfast or lunch that fills a void in the neighborhood.---First time going here was a few weeks ago... First time ever having bbq! Really fantastic!!! Wonderful staff, incredibly delicious food.. I'll be coming back here every time I'm near Coventry!---Delicious!!!! Shared the sausage appetizer - OMG was it good! We had a table of 10 so we passed some food around. I ordered the Hungarian goulash - super tasty! Cabbage & noodles - yum!!! Tried the stuffed cabbage - good. Red cabbage - yum!!! Sour cream cucumbers / also good. And the lemonade Riesling vodka spritzer was amazing!!! Will definitely be going back soon!---I love this place! I love Indian food and this is seriously the best I've ever had. The service is superb, the servers and owner are attentive and kind willing to take the time to explain each exotic dish. I live nearby so I order take out often and my order is always perfect and prepared in less than 10 minutes. I recommend the Paneer Makini which is a spicy tomato and butter sauce with homemade goat cheese baked into it and served with basmati rice. Delish!---Super cool. We had a giant party of 40 and those are a huge headache for servers but all of them took it in stride and went out of their way to made us at home. Besides that the food was quite spectacular. BBQ Donuts, Popcorn Carmel Flan and entrees that all looked amazing. The drinks are really fantastic with a very knowledgeable bartender. He was open to experiment and I even tasted their on-site barrel aged booze. The event is not complete with out a serving of Kitchen Coffee. For $10, they give you a tray of beer that you get to take down to the kitchen staff. You ring the bell and they freak-out because you bought them a round of beer after their shift is done.---Once again our food was exceptional. Steak salads done to perfection and plentiful. Flat bread was hot and tasty. Chef was on top of his game. Thank you!---Just ate at swensons for the first time. Outstanding! Galley boy is delicious, service was great (we had zack, he is the bomb) we are taking a couple sandwiches for later :) loved it!---Excellent Onion Rings and Stuffed Mushrooms! The fish and chips were good per my wife, but like others said-too much batter. Portion size good, could almost share an appetizer and main course. Good prices, pretty good Irish food.---A mom and pops diner with delicious food at a very reasonable price. Definitely try to catch their morning breakfast specials (before 10:30am on weekdays) to get an even better deal! The corn beef hash is delicious. Be ready to eat because the serving size is huGe!---